# Extension
## Send to Any Individual on UW Campus
In order to add the ability to send the card to any individual on UW Campus without breaking existing functionality, I believe we should add the recipients unique address to the header of the card. This unique address will be compiled by the exact location they are in at the moment in the form of "crossroad one.crossroad two", then it will have the individuals student or employee id number based on their involvement at UW, and lastly it will have their generation number. The generation number represents which number person they are to receive their "unique" id number. So say for example, that I am at the location Riatt Hall, the locations cross sections are 19th and Chelan, say I am the 3rd person to have the id of 1234567, then my unique address in the header of the card would look like this, "19.Chelan.3.1234567". 

This way nodes can pass the card to the correct individual as it knows the location of the recipient, and the exact individual who it needs to be delivered to. For our card functionality, I suggest using the combination of the UW individuals id number and the generation because in this combination it is a unique identifier. Peoples names can be duplicated when two individuals share the same name, so I suggest we do it by id number because with the combination of number generation and number id, it is unique to everyone on campus. In the event that the individual is a UW Employee and not a student, we will use their [UW Employeee ID number](https://hfs.uw.edu/Husky-Card-Services/Husky-Card/Employee-Husky-Card#:~:text=Employees%20obtaining%20a%20Husky%20Card,feed%20from%20the%20Workday%20system.), which I have confirmed is a number given to employees of the university.

## Specify Whether Contents are ASCII Text, Unicode Text, or Binary Values
In order to add the functionality of specifying content type without breaking the existing functionality, I suggest in the header next to the body we have a three dot system. One dot if the values of the body are ASCII Text, two dots if the values are in Unicode Text, and three dots if the values are Binary Values. I believe it makes most sense to put it next to the text because then when they recipients system, as I defined in anti-dupe.md, is processing the card and its contents it can evaluate the type before it transcribes the message. It will become an easy short hand for quicly processing information, while it is right next to the text, while also cleaning up space around the card as fully writing the type of text on the header would take up a lot of space. This would be a protocol of the system that systems would learn to digest correctly.

## Keep a Record of What Nodes the Card has Passed Through
In order to add this functionality without breaking the existing functionality, I believe that each node should have a unique braille stamp that it places on the card when it passes through the node. This way it does not alter the information on the card, nor make it hard to understand by covering it up with ink that would be required if you were to use a traditional stamp. You can then trace back the nodes the card traveled through by evaluating the unique braille stamps that were left on the card. 
